GPU vs CPU
-----------
gpu, as we all know, is predominantly used for graphics. but why? the main reason for that is that GPUs are good at a few things,
in fact better than CPUs at those tasks, such as, calculating bulk loads of data (millions of pixels and then which comes in front 
of what and which is visible to user), dealing with floating point numbers (when doing calculations for graphics, we use floating 
points numbers mainly), calculating in parallel (gpus are slower when calculating a less number of floating point numbers but when
its a large amount like a million then gpus are faster than cpus), matrix calculation.

Botnets
--------
botnets are infected computers with malware code in it which is controlled by C2 (command and control) servers by an attacker. this 
malicious code is called bot binary, and doesnt need to compile or the user to double click it. the user achines can get infected by
active or passive ways, active involve user assistance whereas passsive dont, such as drive-by-downloads. the bot knows its C2 
server using a few ways, it could be hardcodedin the code (ip address of server) or it could have a seed list of ips which know how
to connect to the server. usually not all the bots connect to the server directly as that would cause a DoS on it and so they connect
to other bots which relay the info or there are different servers managing different amounts of these bots and in the end being
controlled by attacker.

Misc
----
usually when a webpage is loaded, the main html may be received from the sever but that server isnt the one putting those ads there. 
so that means that there is another request goign to an ad server for the ads to be there. if a site is hosting some other sites ads,
then that site pays this one for it. but the payment is only according to how many customers have seen those ads from this site, 
i.e., how many requests have gone for the display of the ads. now, is the user is using an ad blocker, then those blockers usually 
block that initial request from going, and hence the ad not loading, and the page owner losing potential money that way. also, the 
ISP can see these requests (unless not encrypted) and then change the location of that request, hence making something else been shown.

